In the course materials for this course you will find in the fall there you will find two finds and
you have to audition them for a little thing.
One call biggie that jetpack and also other Waikoloa that Binjie the same logo is fully white fears
we're going to bore you erase your body and up in the curly braces and we're going to add the background
you match your red.
And since we are in these this fall there are loads in this file.
We need to go back on a level what used to dots and then we're up in the AM before that and they find
that we want to display as the background is this B.G. that J-P save these and all.
And you can see we had the background image.
You can see that we have a problem in race here because race is starting to repeat the image by the
fall and their backgrounds are and use her background.
But we can fix this using background science and we're going to use color code where we will make the
much bigger to fully go where the light and the width of the space that is available.
So for example framing this week as you can see the match also is making bigger looking nice.
So next we're going to see how you can remove these logo.
These workers low in order to have our logo right and then inspect the code right here and I'm going
to use this button and I'm going to click you.
So you can see that we have an ID login then we have an issue 1 and then we have this stinker the logo.
The word no is being printed using these anchor.
And you see background image.
So I'm going to copy the selected page right here and then going to replace that logo with mine.
So we're going out background image again.
We're going to use your read in the two dots at the beginning.
We're going to use Logo that the N.G. save these up in the browser and reload.
You can see that we have our logo right here.
It's really really is Mallin that's because we have a lot of different uses.
So you can see that we are about around size right here and the program size is set to 84 pixels.
Then we have this kite.
So the way it is set to 84 pixels and so there is has Maryan right here at Mardin zero hour.
So if I were right here on the anchor you can see that that orange area is because of the margin and
the area that is on Bluecoat or is the only area that is available to bring in the match.
So we're going to fix that first.
I'm going to remove the aldermanic and so work on an emergency room.
Say these are low on the anchors you can see now we have the green area.
Now we have the orange area to the right.
So we're going to out with 100 percent so it's going to take all the space that is available over here
and you can see now everything is blue.
Next we need to change the background size to make the law a little bigger.
We're going to use background size and I'm going to set these two two camera pixels say this and reload.
Now you can see the logo is looking a little bigger but you can see that we're on the the only section
that is available is the upper section of the law.
So we're going to add something like height and we're going I said to one hundred and twenty pixels.
Reload.
You can see now we have got a really nice pass along.
The logo is printed just fine.
So you can see here if I can get here the blue area is looking nice.
So next I want to change the color of the label so you can use these to inspect these in a login label
on at login labor and you can see that is using a great color I want to change this to black color black
envelope you can see that we have the labels on black and so on the bottom we have these laws your password.
And back to or in a spat.
So we're going to inspect these.
So for example this one they lost your password you've just seen a pattern up with an I.D..
Not if they click on this dangle.
You can see it using an anchor and right here is the selector effect where a little more.
You can see that we have another program for the back to the Caterina's by our online store link and
that's if I click on this tangle you can see selling.
So here is the selectors who can copy these chains that one the record or work when I use color.
White and reload.
So the color has changed to white but you can see if I over here is printing out blue collar.
So I'm going to cry after the come on going out and to create a new light.
We we're going to copy these days this again but I'm going to out right after the anchor it right here
call it on so save these and reload.
Now if I go over here you can see the color of the link is white.
Finally went to center these so I'm going to add a reference to the balance the paired up with the knot
and the paragraph with the bat to block.
So we're going to copy these and right here maybe before the inkers and right here and there.
And England takes that line why don't I send these reload again.
Now you can see it's looking nice.
Maybe we can make the font a little bigger.
We can change these to font size 16 pixels and I'm going to make some the space race.
So reloading is and then you can see this takes is a little bigger and it's looking nicer.
So they're looking is looking great in the next video we're going to start working with this button
in order to make the vote on this one looks more like these ones that we have here.